#summary How to build the agileplanner-for-econference plug-in
#labels Phase-Support

<wiki:toc max_depth="4" />

= How to build agileplanner-for-econference plug-in =

== Build the eConference 3.x ==
Follow the [http://code.google.com/p/econference/wiki/HowToBuildEConf instructions] to build eConference 3.x

== Build the econference-planning-poker-plugin 1.x ==
Follow the [http://code.google.com/p/econference-planning-poker-plugin/wiki/HowToBuildEConf3P#How_to_build_eConference_Planning_Poker_Plug-in_1.x instructions] to build econference-planning-poker-plugin 1.x

== Checkout the SVN repository ==

After that, open the _Window | Open perspective_ menu (see Fig. 3)...

<p align=center>http://econference.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/img/svn2.JPG <br>
<p align=center>*Figure 3. Display all the available perspectives*</p>
<br>
<br>

...and select _SVN Repository Exploring_ (see Fig. 4)

<p align=center>http://econference.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/img/svn3.JPG <br>
<p align=center>*Figure 4. Add the SVN Repository Exploring perpective to the workbench*</p>
<br>
<br>

After switching to the _SVN Repository Exploring_ perspective, add a new repository as shown below (Fig. 5).

<p align=center>http://econference.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/img/svn4.JPG <br>
<p align=center>*Figure 5. Add the SVN Repository Location*</p>
<br>
<br>

Now, enter {{{http://agileplanner-for-econference.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/}}} in the url field of the wizard and click the _Finish_ button. Accept the Digital Certificate when prompted.
<br>
<br>

Once Subclipse has finished fetching data from the new repository, you will see the repository name show up in the tree table viewer on the left pane. Browse _Trunk_, then select all the plugins and right-click and choose _Checkout..._ from the menu. 

A 2-steps wizard will guide you. You are going to checkout each plugin as a separate project into your workspace. It could take a while, so be patient.

Once check-out is finished, right click on {{{it.uniba.di.cdg.planningpoker.boot.product}}} file in {{{it.uniba.di.cdg.planningpoker}}} package, and select _Run_ | _Run configurations..._. to include *agileplanner-for-econference* plug-in into eConference product.


Select the current product configuration under the Eclipse Application (Fig. 6, A) and shift on _Plug-ins tab_ (B); then select {{{ca.ucalgary.cpsc.agilePlanner (2.5.0)}}} plug-in (C). Now press the Validate Plug-in Set button (D). If an error message pops up, then close it and press the Add Required Plug-ins button (E); otherwise here you are already ok (and the problem should be somewhere else :S).

<p align=center>http://econference.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/img/runconfAP.JPG <br>
<p align=center>*Figure 6. Validate the plug-ins set*</p>
<br>
<br>

From now on, you can just use the tool into eConference 3.x. To start using the tool, you can click on icon button (Fig. 7).


== Building the workspace ==
Once either the checkout or the import is complete, you can build your workspace, but just make sure that the Java compiler compliance level is set to 1.6 (see Fig. 8)


<p align=center>http://econference.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/img/javasettings.JPG <br>
<p align=center>*Figure 8. Set the Java Compiler Compliance Level to 1.6*</p>
<br>
<br>